eraB_data : DoubleMuon_2017B ; FakeRate="ttH-multilepton/fr-era-lumi-norm.txt", FillColor=ROOT.kGreen+2, HideInLegend
eraC_data : DoubleMuon_2017C ; FakeRate="ttH-multilepton/fr-era-lumi-norm.txt", FillColor=ROOT.kCyan, HideInLegend
eraD_data : DoubleMuon_2017D ; FakeRate="ttH-multilepton/fr-era-lumi-norm.txt", FillColor=ROOT.kCyan, HideInLegend
eraE_data : DoubleMuon_2017E ; FakeRate="ttH-multilepton/fr-era-lumi-norm.txt", FillColor=ROOT.kCyan, HideInLegend
eraF_data : DoubleMuon_2017F ; FakeRate="ttH-multilepton/fr-era-lumi-norm.txt", FillColor=ROOT.kOrange, HideInLegend
eraB_data : DoubleEG_2017B ; FakeRate="ttH-multilepton/fr-era-lumi-norm.txt", FillColor=ROOT.kGreen+2, HideInLegend
eraC_data : DoubleEG_2017C ; FakeRate="ttH-multilepton/fr-era-lumi-norm.txt", FillColor=ROOT.kCyan, HideInLegend
eraD_data : DoubleEG_2017D ; FakeRate="ttH-multilepton/fr-era-lumi-norm.txt", FillColor=ROOT.kCyan, HideInLegend
eraE_data : DoubleEG_2017E ; FakeRate="ttH-multilepton/fr-era-lumi-norm.txt", FillColor=ROOT.kCyan, HideInLegend
eraF_data : DoubleEG_2017F ; FakeRate="ttH-multilepton/fr-era-lumi-norm.txt", FillColor=ROOT.kOrange, HideInLegend
eraB_data : MuonEG_2017B ; FakeRate="ttH-multilepton/fr-era-lumi-norm.txt", FillColor=ROOT.kGreen+2, HideInLegend
eraC_data : MuonEG_2017C ; FakeRate="ttH-multilepton/fr-era-lumi-norm.txt", FillColor=ROOT.kCyan, HideInLegend
eraD_data : MuonEG_2017D ; FakeRate="ttH-multilepton/fr-era-lumi-norm.txt", FillColor=ROOT.kCyan, HideInLegend
eraE_data : MuonEG_2017E ; FakeRate="ttH-multilepton/fr-era-lumi-norm.txt", FillColor=ROOT.kCyan, HideInLegend
eraF_data : MuonEG_2017F ; FakeRate="ttH-multilepton/fr-era-lumi-norm.txt", FillColor=ROOT.kOrange, HideInLegend
eraB_data : SingleMuon_2017B ; FakeRate="ttH-multilepton/fr-era-lumi-norm.txt", FillColor=ROOT.kGreen+2, HideInLegend
eraC_data : SingleMuon_2017C ; FakeRate="ttH-multilepton/fr-era-lumi-norm.txt", FillColor=ROOT.kCyan, HideInLegend
eraD_data : SingleMuon_2017D ; FakeRate="ttH-multilepton/fr-era-lumi-norm.txt", FillColor=ROOT.kCyan, HideInLegend
eraE_data : SingleMuon_2017E ; FakeRate="ttH-multilepton/fr-era-lumi-norm.txt", FillColor=ROOT.kCyan, HideInLegend
eraF_data : SingleMuon_2017F ; FakeRate="ttH-multilepton/fr-era-lumi-norm.txt", FillColor=ROOT.kOrange, HideInLegend
eraB_data : SingleElectron_2017B ; FakeRate="ttH-multilepton/fr-era-lumi-norm.txt", FillColor=ROOT.kGreen+2, HideInLegend
eraC_data : SingleElectron_2017C ; FakeRate="ttH-multilepton/fr-era-lumi-norm.txt", FillColor=ROOT.kCyan, HideInLegend
eraD_data : SingleElectron_2017D ; FakeRate="ttH-multilepton/fr-era-lumi-norm.txt", FillColor=ROOT.kCyan, HideInLegend
eraE_data : SingleElectron_2017E ; FakeRate="ttH-multilepton/fr-era-lumi-norm.txt", FillColor=ROOT.kCyan, HideInLegend
eraF_data : SingleElectron_2017F ; FakeRate="ttH-multilepton/fr-era-lumi-norm.txt", FillColor=ROOT.kOrange, HideInLegend
